Mhlidd/migrate to config helper (#9620)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: gradle/forbiddenApiFilters/main.txt

java.lang.System#out
java.lang.System#err

# avoid using System.getenv() or System.getenv(String) in code outside of ConfigHelper.java

> @defaultMessage Avoid using System.getenv() or System.getenv(String) in code outside of ConfigHelper.java

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**🎯 suggestion:** ‏What about using the message to encourage developers to use `ConfigHelper` instead?

```suggestion
@defaultMessage Use ConfigHelper to access environment variables instead of using System.getenv() or System.getenv(String)
```
